
 
  
   
    NEW YORK TIMES
   
   BESTSELLER
  
 
 
  
   Janet Evanovich and Lee Goldberg, bestselling authors of
   
    The Heist,
   
   return in this action-packed, exciting adventure featuring master con artist Nicolas Fox and die-hard FBI agent Kate OHare. And this time around, things go from hot to nuclear when government secrets are on the line.
  
  
  
  
  
  Internationally renowned thief and con artist Nicolas Fox is famous for running elaborate and daring scams. His greatest con of all: convincing the FBI to team him up with the only person who has ever caught him, and the only woman to ever capture his attention, Special Agent Kate OHare. Together theyll go undercover to swindle and catch the worlds most wantedand untouchablecriminals.
  
  
  Their newest target is Carter Grove, a former White House chief of staff and the ruthless leader of a private security agency. Grove has stolen a rare Chinese artifact from the Smithsonian, a crime that will torpedo U.S. relations with China if it ever becomes public. Nick and Kate must work under the radarand against the clockto devise a plan to steal the piece back. Confronting Groves elite assassins, Nick and Kate rely on the skills of their ragtag crew, including a flamboyant actor, a Geek Squad techie, and a band of AARP-card-carrying mercenaries led by none other than Kates dad.
  
  
  A daring heist and a deadly chase lead Nick and Kate from Washington, D.C., to Shanghai, from the highlands of Scotland to the underbelly of Montreal. But itll take more than death threats, trained henchmen, sleepless nights, and the fate of a dynastys priceless heirloom to outsmart Fox and OHare.
 
 
  
   Praise for
   
    The Chase
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  Fast and entertaining . . . new thrills and adventure on every page.
  
   
   
    Examiner.com
   
  
  
  
  
  
  The action never stops . . . and a humorous tone keeps everything moving at a fun clip.
  
   Associated Press
  
  
  
  
  
  Great fun, with plenty of twists.
  
   
   
    The Sacramento Bee
   
  
 

