
 
  The War of the Worlds
 
 , by
 
  H. G. Wells
 
 , is part of the
 
  Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
 
 series, which offers quality editions at affordable prices to the student and the general reader, including new scholarship, thoughtful design, and pages of carefully crafted extras. Here are some of the remarkable features of
 
  Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
 
 :
 
  
   New introductions commissioned from today's top writers and scholars
  
  
   Biographies of the authors
  
  
   Chronologies of contemporary historical, biographical, and cultural events
  
  
   Footnotes and endnotes
  
  
   Selective discussions of imitations, parodies, poems, books, plays, paintings, operas, statuary, and films inspired by the work
  
  
   Comments by other famous authors
  
  
   Study questions to challenge the reader's viewpoints and expectations
  
  
   Bibliographies for further reading
  
  
   Indices &amp; Glossaries, when appropriate
  
 
 All editions are beautifully designed and are printed to superior specifications; some include illustrations of historical interest.
 
  Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
 
 pulls together a constellation of influencesbiographical, historical, and literaryto enrich each reader's understanding of these enduring works.
 
  On October 30, 1938, Orson Welles terrified American radio listeners by describing a Martian invasion of Earth in a broadcast that became legendary. Forty years earlier,
  
   H. G. Wells
  
  had first penned the story:
  
   The War of the Worlds
  
  , a science-fiction classic that endures in our collective subconscious.
 
 
  Deeply concerned with the welfare of contemporary society, Wells wrote his novel of interplanetary conflict in anticipation of war in Europe, and in it he predicted the technological savagery of twentieth century warfare. Playing expertly on worldwide security fears,
  
   The War of the Worlds
  
  grips readers with its conviction that invasion can happen anytime, anywhereeven in our own backyard.
 
 
  
   Alfred Mac Adam
  
  teaches literature at Barnard College-Columbia University. He is a translator and art critic. He also wrote the notes and introduction to the Barnes &amp; Noble Classics edition of Wellss
  
   The Time Machine
  
  and
  
   The Invisible Man
  
  .
 

