
 
  A fast-paced tale of betrayal and revenge that grabbed me from page 1 and refused to let go.George R. R. Martin
  
 
 
  
  I swore an oath to avenge the death of my father. I may be half a man, but I swore a whole oath.
 
 
 
 
 
 Prince Yarvi has vowed to regain a throne he never wanted. But first he must survive cruelty, chains, and the bitter waters of the Shattered Sea. And he must do it all with only one good hand.
 
 
 
  The deceived will become the deceiver.
 
 
 
 
 
 Born a weakling in the eyes of his father, Yarvi is alone in a world where a strong arm and a cold heart rule. He cannot grip a shield or swing an axe, so he must sharpen his mind to a deadly edge.
 
 
 
  The betrayed will become the betrayer.
 
 
 
 
 
 Gathering a strange fellowship of the outcast and the lost, he finds they can do more to help him become the man he needs to be than any court of nobles could.
 
 
 
  Will the usurped become the usurper?
 
 
 
 
 
 But even with loyal friends at his side, Yarvi finds that his path may end as it beganin twists, and traps, and tragedy.
 
 
 
  Advance praise for
  
   Half a King
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Half a King
 
 is my favorite book by Joe Abercrombie so far, and thats saying something.
 
  Patrick Rothfuss
 
 
 
 
 
 As in all Abercrombies books, friends turn out to be enemies, enemies turn out to be friends; the line between good and evil is murky indeed; and nothing goes quite as we expect. With eye-popping plot twists and rollicking good action,
 
  Half a King
 
 is definitely a full adventure.
 
  Rick Riordan
 
 
 
 
 
 Enthralling! An up-all-night read.
 
  Robin Hobb
 
 
 
 
 
 Polished and sharp, perhaps his most technically proficient novel yet . . . I dare you to read the first chapter and try not to turn the next page.
 
  Brent Weeks
 
 
 
 
 
  Half a King
 
 can be summed up in a single word: masterpiece. Its a coming-of-age story. Its a Viking saga. Its a revenge tale and family drama and the return of the prodigal son. But most of all, its this: a short time alongside people as weak and blundering as we are and, in the midst of it all, as heroic. Far too short a time, as it turns out. What a wonderful book.
 
  Myke Cole
 
 
 
 
 
  Half a King
 
 is full of all the adventure Ive come to expect from Abercrombie and a tenderness I never knew he had.
 
  Sam Sykes
 

