
 
  Frankenstein
 
 , by
 
  Mary Shelley
 
 , is part of the
 
  Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
 
 series, which offers quality editions at affordable prices to the student and the general reader, including new scholarship, thoughtful design, and pages of carefully crafted extras. Here are some of the remarkable features of
 
  Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
 
 :
 
  
   New introductions commissioned from today's top writers and scholars
  
  
   Biographies of the authors
  
  
   Chronologies of contemporary historical, biographical, and cultural events
  
  
   Footnotes and endnotes
  
  
   Selective discussions of imitations, parodies, poems, books, plays, paintings, operas, statuary, and films inspired by the work
  
  
   Comments by other famous authors
  
  
   Study questions to challenge the reader's viewpoints and expectations
  
  
   Bibliographies for further reading
  
  
   Indices &amp; Glossaries, when appropriate
  
 
 All editions are beautifully designed and are printed to superior specifications; some include illustrations of historical interest.
 
  Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
 
 pulls together a constellation of influencesbiographical, historical, and literaryto enrich each reader's understanding of these enduring works.
 
  
   Mary Shelley
  
  began writing
  
   Frankenstein
  
  when she was only eighteen. At once a Gothic thriller, a passionate romance, and a cautionary tale about the dangers of science,
  
   Frankenstein
  
  tells the story of committed science student Victor Frankenstein. Obsessed with discovering "the cause of generation and life" and "bestowing animation upon lifeless matter," Frankenstein assembles a human being from stolen body parts but; upon bringing it to life, he recoils in horror at the creature?s hideousness. Tormented by isolation and loneliness, the once-innocent creature turns to evil and unleashes a campaign of murderous revenge against his creator, Frankenstein.
 
 
  
   Frankenstein
  
  , an instant bestseller and an important ancestor of both the horror and science fiction genres, not only tells a terrifying story, but also raises rofound, disturbing questions about the very nature of life and the place of humankind within the cosmos: What does it mean to be human? What responsibilities do we have to each other? How far can we go in tampering with Nature? In our age, filled with news of organ donation genetic engineering, and bio-terrorism, these questions are more relevant than ever.
 
 
  
   Karen Karbiener
  
  received a Ph.D. from Columbia University and currently teaches literature at New York University.
 

