
 
  Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea
 
 , by
 
  Jules Verne
 
 , is part of the
 
  Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
 
 series, which offers quality editions at affordable prices to the student and the general reader, including new scholarship, thoughtful design, and pages of carefully crafted extras. Here are some of the remarkable features of
 
  Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
 
 :
 
  
   New introductions commissioned from today's top writers and scholars
  
  
   Biographies of the authors
  
  
   Chronologies of contemporary historical, biographical, and cultural events
  
  
   Footnotes and endnotes
  
  
   Selective discussions of imitations, parodies, poems, books, plays, paintings, operas, statuary, and films inspired by the work
  
  
   Comments by other famous authors
  
  
   Study questions to challenge the reader's viewpoints and expectations
  
  
   Bibliographies for further reading
  
  
   Indices &amp; Glossaries, when appropriate
  
 
 All editions are beautifully designed and are printed to superior specifications; some include illustrations of historical interest.
 
  Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
 
 pulls together a constellation of influencesbiographical, historical, and literaryto enrich each reader's understanding of these enduring works.
 
  Widely regarded as the father of modern science fiction,
  
   Jules Verne
  
  wrote more than seventy books and created hundreds of memorable characters. His most popular novel,
  
   Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea
  
  , is not only a brilliant piece of scientific prophecy, but also a thrilling story with superb, subtle characterizations.
 
 
  The year is 1866 and the Pacific Ocean is being terrorized by a deadly sea monster. The U.S. government dispatches marine-life specialist Pierre Aronnax to investigate aboard the warship
  
   Abraham Lincoln
  
  . When the ship is sunk by the mysterious creature, he and two other survivors discover that the monster is in fact a marvelous submarinethe
  
   Nautilus
  
  commanded by the brilliant but bitter Captain Nemo. Nemo refuses to let his guests return to land, but instead taking them on a series of fantastic adventures in which they encounter underwater forests, giant clams, monster storms, huge squid, treacherous polar ice andmost spectacular of allthe magnificent lost city of Atlantis!
 
 
  
   Victoria Blake
  
  is a freelance writer. She has worked at the
  
   Paris Review
  
  and contributed to the
  
   Boulder Daily Camera
  
  , small literary presses in the United States, and English-language publications in Bangkok, Thailand. She currently lives and works in San Diego, California.
 

