
 
  For the first time, all five novels in the epic fantasy series that inspired HBOs
  
   Game of Thrones
  
  are together in one boxed set. An immersive entertainment experience unlike any other, A Song of Ice and Fire has earned George R. R. Martindubbed the American Tolkien by
  
   Time
  
  magazineinternational acclaim and millions of loyal readers. Now here is the entire monumental cycle:
  
  
  
   A GAME OF THRONES
  
  
  
   A CLASH OF KINGS
  
  
  
   A STORM OF SWORDS
  
  
  
   A FEAST OF CROWS
  
  
  
   A DANCE WITH DRAGONS
  
  
  
  
  
  
   One of the best series in the history of fantasy.
   
    Los Angeles Times
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  Winter is coming. Such is the stern motto of House Stark, the northernmost of the fiefdoms that owe allegiance to King Robert Baratheon in far-off Kings Landing. There Eddard Stark of Winterfell rules in Roberts name. There his family dwells in peace and comfort: his proud wife, Catelyn; his sons Robb, Brandon, and Rickon; his daughters Sansa and Arya; and his bastard son, Jon Snow. Far to the north, behind the towering Wall, lie savage Wildings and worseunnatural things relegated to myth during the centuries-long summer, but proving all too real and all too deadly in the turning of the season.
  
  
  Yet a more immediate threat lurks to the south, where Jon Arryn, the Hand of the King, has died under mysterious circumstances. Now Robert is riding north to Winterfell, bringing his queen, the lovely but cold Cersei, his son, the cruel, vainglorious Prince Joffrey, and the queens brothers Jaime and Tyrion of the powerful and wealthy House Lannisterthe first a swordsman without equal, the second a dwarf whose stunted stature belies a brilliant mind. All are heading for Winterfell and a fateful encounter that will change the course of kingdoms.
  
  
  Meanwhile, across the Narrow Sea, Prince Viserys, heir of the fallen House Targaryen, which once ruled all of Westeros, schemes to reclaim the throne with an army of barbarian Dothrakiwhose loyalty he will purchase in the only coin left to him: his beautiful yet innocent sister, Daenerys.
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
   Long live George Martin . . . a literary dervish, enthralled by complicated characters and vivid language, and bursting with the wild vision of the very best tale tellers.
   
    The New York Times
   
  
 

