
 
  
   The #1
   
    New York Times
   
   Bestseller
  
 
 
  
   One of the Best Books of the Year
  
  
   
  
  
   
    Entertainment Weekly
   
  
 
 
  
   One of theTop Ten Books of the Year
  
  
   
  
  
   
    People
   
   magazine
  
 
 
  
   Its a knowing, touching, and entertaining page-turner. What a wonderful writersmart, wise, funny. Anne Lamott
  
 
 
  
   "
   
    The Husband's Secret
   
   is so good, you won't be able to keep it to yourself." 
   
    USA Today
   
  
 
 
  
   Shocking, complex and thought-provoking, this is a story reading groups will devour. A knockout!" Emily Giffin,
   
    New York Times
   
   bestselling author
  
 
 
  
   Emotionally astute, immensely smart, and as cinematically plotted as any Tom Perrotta Novel destined for critical accolades and a big-screen adaptation.
   
    Entertainment Weekly
   
  
 
 
  
   A novel thats perfect for vacation reading. 
   
    People
   
  
 
 
  
   "Brilliant." Sophia Hannah, international bestselling author of
   
    The Wrong Mother
   
  
 
 
  
   At the heart of
   
    The Husbands Secret
   
   is a letter thats not meant to be read
  
 
 
  
   My darling Cecilia, if youre reading this, then Ive died. . .
  
 
 
  Imagine that your husband wrote you a letter, to be opened after his death. Imagine, too, that the letter contains his deepest, darkest secretsomething with the potential to destroy not just the life you built together, but the lives of others as well. Imagine, then, that you stumble across that letter while your husband is still very much alive. . . .
  
  Cecilia Fitzpatrick has achieved it allshes an incredibly successful businesswoman, a pillar of her small community, and a devoted wife and mother. Her life is as orderly and spotless as her home. But that letter is about to change everything, and not just for her: Rachel and Tess barely know Ceciliaor each otherbut they too are about to feel the earth-shattering repercussions of her husbands secret.
 
 
  Acclaimed author Liane Moriarty has written a gripping, thought-provoking novel about how well it is really possible to know our spousesand, ultimately, ourselves.
 

