
 
  Ken Folletts Century Trilogy follows the fortunes of five intertwined familiesAmerican, German, Russian, English, and Welshas they make their way through the twentieth century. It has been called potent, engrossing (
  
   Publishers Weekly
  
  ) and truly epic (
  
   Huffington Post
  
  ).
  
   USA Today
  
  said, You actually feel like youre there.
 
 
  
   Edge of Eternity
  
  , the finale, covers one of the most tumultuous eras of all: the 1960s through the 1980s, encompassing civil rights, assassinations, Vietnam, the Berlin Wall, the Cuban Missile Crisis, presidential impeachment, revolutionand rock and roll.
  
  
  East German teacher Rebecca Hoffman discovers shes been spied on by the Stasi for years and commits an impulsive act that will affect her family for generations George Jakes, himself bi-racial, bypasses corporate law to join Robert F. Kennedys Justice Department and finds himself in the middle of not only the seminal events of the civil rights battle, but also a much more personal battle Cameron Dewar, the grandson of a senator, jumps at the chance to do some espionage for a cause he believes in, only to discover that the world is much more dangerous than hed imagined Dimka Dvorkin, a young aide to Khrushchev, becomes an agent for good and for ill as the Soviet Union and the United States race to the brink of nuclear war, while his twin sister, Tania, carves out a role that will take her from Moscow to Cuba to Prague to Warsawand into history.
  
  
  These characters and many others find their lives inextricably entangled as they add their personal stories and insight to the most defining events of the 20th century. From the opulent offices of the most powerful world leaders to the shabby apartments of those trying to begin a new empire, from the elite clubs of the wealthy and highborn to the passionate protests of a countrys most marginalized citizens, this is truly a drama for the ages.
  
  
  With the Century Trilogy, Follett has guided readers through an entire era of history with a masters touch. His unique ability to tell fascinating, brilliantly researched stories that captivate readers and keep them turning the pages is unparalleled. In this climactic and concluding saga, Follett brings us into a world we thought we knew, but now will never seem the same again.
 

