
 
  
   A debut collection of witty, biting essays laced with a surprising warmth, from Jen Mann, the writer behind the popular blog People I Want to Punch in the Throat
  
  
  
  
  
  
   People I want to punch in the throat:
  
  
  
    anyone who feels the need to bling her washer and dryer
  
  
  
    humblebraggers
  
  
  
    people who treat their pets like children
  
  
  
  
  
  Jen Mann doesnt have a filter, which sometimes gets her in trouble with her neighbors, her fellow PTA moms, and that one woman who tried to sell her sex toys at a home shopping party. Known for her hilariously acerbic observations on her blog, People I Want to Punch in the Throat, Mann now brings her sharp wit to bear on suburban life, marriage, and motherhood in this laugh-out-loud collection of essays. From the politics of joining a play group, to the thrill of mothers night out at the gun range, to the rewards of your most meaningful relationship (the one you have with your cleaning lady), nothing is sacred or off-limits. So the next time you find yourself wearing fuzzy bunny pajamas in the school carpool line or accidentally stuck at a co-workers swingers party, just think, What would Jen Mann do? Or better yet, buy her book.
 
 
  
   Advance praise for
   
    People I Want to Punch in the Throat
   
  
  
  
  
  
   People I Want to Punch in the Throat
  
  is so good that itll make you want to adopt all the cats in the world. Im not sure about the correlation, but its
  
   that
  
  good. It should come with a warning.
  
   Jenny Lawson, author of
   
    Lets Pretend This Never Happened
   
  
  
  
  Jen Mann has an amazing way of telling stories that will make you cringe and burst out laughing at the same time. From swinger parties to racist toddlers, she makes the suburbs unbelievably funny.
  
   Karen Alpert, author of
   
    I Heart My Little A-Holes
   
  
  
  
  
  
  Jen Mann says the things were all too afraid to say. Her honest and hilarious writing style reminds me of David Sedaris and Tina Fey.
  
   Robin OBryant, author of
   
    Ketchup Is a Vegetable: And Other Lies Moms Tell Themselves
   
  
  
  
  Jen Manns shrewd and unrelenting assault on the absurdity of suburban life is an honest peek into the occasional nightmare that is part of living the American dream. I love Jen. I wish she was my neighbor. Its so refreshing to know that Im not the only one who wants to punch almost everyone in the f***ing throat.
  
   Nicole Knepper, author of
   
    Moms Who Drink And Swear
   
  
 

