
 
  Look what
  
   The New Yorker
  
  dragged in! Its the purr-fect gathering of talent celebrating our feline companions. This bountiful collection, beautifully illustrated in full color, features articles, fiction, humor, poems, cartoons, cover art, drafts, and drawings from the magazines archives. Among the contributors are Margaret Atwood, T. Coraghessan Boyle, Roald Dahl, Wolcott Gibbs, Robert Graves, Emily Hahn, Ted Hughes, Jamaica Kincaid, Steven Millhauser, Haruki Murakami, Amy Ozols, Robert Pinsky, Jean Rhys, James Thurber, John Updike, Sylvia Townsend Warner, and E. B. White. Including a Foreword by Anthony Lane, this gorgeous keepsake will be a treasured gift for all cat lovers.
 
 
  
   Praise for
   
    The Big
   
   New Yorker
   
    Book of Cats
   
  
  
  
  The
  
   Book of Cats
  
  comes a year after
  
   The Big New Yorker Book of Dogs
  
  a publishing slight that, though it stings, Ill forgive, as the latest anthology was worth the wait. . . . Two standout articles feature real-life obsessives of ages past who reveal todays Caturnet devoteeswith their GIFs and Tumblrs and hastily aggregated listiclesfor what they truly are: amateurs. . . . Eat your heart out, Cute Overload.
  
   
   
    The New York Times Book Review
   
  
  
  
  A beautiful hardcover.
  
   Jenny McCarthy,
   
    People
   
  
  
  
  This irresistible anthology of articles, poems, essays, fiction, cartoons, and covers pulled from the New Yorker is a veritable treasure trove for cat lovers. Just dive right in; with stories from the likes of John Updike, Maeve Brennan, Roald Dalhl, and Haruki Murakami interwoven with hilariously wry cartoons, one cant help but be enthralled. A must-have.
  
   
   
    Modern Cat
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  A shiny, well-fed tome . . . The anthology embodies the cats defining characteristic: its cluster of opposites, rolled together into a giant hairball of cultural attitudessomething, perhaps, at once uncomfortably and assuringly reflective of our own chronically conflicted selves.
  
   
   
    Brain Pickings
   
  
  
  
  This gorgeous book has earned a permanent spot on my coffee table. It is an absolute joy to read and browse through, and I know it will bring me hours and hours of pleasure for years to come. And it makes a purr-fect gift for the special cat lovers in your life.
  
   
   
    The Conscious Cat
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  [A] sumptuous volume.
  
   
   
    The Dallas Morning News
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  One need not own cats (or do cats own their owners?) or even be a pet lover to savor this feline-focused offering.
  
   
   
    The Sacramento Bee
   
  
  
  
  [A] fun collection of short stories, articles, humor, poems, and charming color covers from the magazines archives . . . [a] high-quality, attractive work.
  
   
   
    Library Journal
   
  
  
  
  Covers, cartoons, authors of pieces both longer and shorter, reflect current views of the feline subject in all its glory. . . . The quality, humor and variety make for another successful
  
   New Yorker
  
  collection.
  
   
   
    Kirkus Reviews
   
  
  
  
  
  
  An eminently giftable anthology.
  
   
   
    Publishers Weekly
   
  
 

