
 
  
   A Tale of Two Cities
  
  , by
  
   Charles Dickens
  
  , is part of the
  
   Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
  
  series, which offers quality editions at affordable prices to the student and the general reader, including new scholarship, thoughtful design, and pages of carefully crafted extras. Here are some of the remarkable features of
  
   Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
  
  :
 
 
  
   New introductions commissioned from today's top writers and scholars
  
  
   Biographies of the authors
  
  
   Chronologies of contemporary historical, biographical, and cultural events
  
  
   Footnotes and endnotes
  
  
   Selective discussions of imitations, parodies, poems, books, plays, paintings, operas, statuary, and films inspired by the work
  
  
   Comments by other famous authors
  
  
   Study questions to challenge the reader's viewpoints and expectations
  
  
   Bibliographies for further reading
  
  
   Indices &amp; Glossaries, when appropriate
  
 
 All editions are beautifully designed and are printed to superior specifications; some include illustrations of historical interest.
 
  Barnes &amp; Noble Classics
 
 pulls together a constellation of influencesbiographical, historical, and literaryto enrich each reader's understanding of these enduring works.
 
  It was the best of times, it was the worst of times . . . With these famous words,
  
   Charles Dickens
  
  plunges the reader into one of historys most explosive erasthe French Revolution. From the storming of the Bastille to the relentless drop of the guillotine, Dickens vividly captures the terror and upheaval of that tumultuous period. At the center is the novels hero, Sydney Carton, a lazy, alcoholic attorney who, inspired by a woman, makes the supreme sacrifice on the bloodstained streets of Paris.
 
 
  One of Dickenss most exciting novels,
  
   A Tale of Two Cities
  
  is a stirring classic of love, revenge, and resurrection.
 
 
  
   Gillen DArcy Wood
  
  received his Ph.D in English from Columbia University in 2000 and is currently an assistant professor at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. He is the author of
  
   The Shock of the Real: Romanticism and Visual Culture, 17601860
  
  .
 

