
 
  
   Check out the #1
   
    New York Times
   
   bestseller
   
    Big Little Lies
   
   by Liane Moriarty, called a surefire hit by
   
    Entertainment Weekly
   
   .
  
  
  
  
   "The secrets burrowed in this seemingly placid small town...are so suburban noir they would make David Lynch clap with glee...[Moriarty] is a fantastically nimble writer, so sure-footed that the book leaps between dark and light seamlessly; even the big reveal in the final pages feels earned and genuinely shocking. 
   
    Entertainment Weekly
   
  
 
 
  
   "Reading one [ofLiane Moriarty's novels] is a bit like drinking a pink cosmo laced with arsenic... [BIG LITTLE LIES] is a fun, engaging and sometimes disturbing read 
   
    USA Today
   
  
 
 
  
   Sometimes its the little lies that turn out to be the most lethal. . . .
  
 
 
 
 
  A murder . . . a tragic accident . . . or just parents behaving badly?
  
  Whats indisputable is that someone is dead.
  
  But who did what?
  
  
  
   Big Little Lies
  
  follows three women, each at a crossroads:
  
 
 
  Madeline is a force to be reckoned with. Shes funny and biting, passionate, she remembers everything and forgives no one. Her ex-husband and his yogi new wife have moved into her beloved beachside community, and their daughter is in the same kindergarten class as Madelines youngest (
  
   how
  
  is this possible?). And to top it all off,Madelines teenage daughter seems to be choosing Madelines ex-husband over her. (How. Is. This. Possible?).
 
 
  Celeste is the kind of beautiful woman who makes the world stop and stare. While she may seem a bit flustered at times, who wouldnt be, with those rambunctious twin boys? Now that the boys are starting school, Celeste and her husband look set to become the king and queen of the school parent body. But royalty often comes at a price, and Celeste is grappling with how much more she is willing to pay.
  
  
  New to town, single mom Jane is so young that another mother mistakes her for the nanny. Jane is sad beyond her years and harbors secret doubts about her son. But why? While Madeline and Celeste soon take Jane under their wing, none of them realizes how the arrival of Jane and her inscrutable little boy will affect them all.
  
  
  
   Big Little Lies
  
  is a brilliant take on ex-husbands and second wives, mothers and daughters, schoolyard scandal, and the dangerous little lies we tell ourselves just to survive.
  
 

