
 
  
   
    NEW YORK TIMES
   
   BESTSELLER
  
 
 
  
   A superb love story from Anna Quindlen, the #1
   
    New York Times
   
   bestselling author of
   
    Rise and Shine, Blessings,
   
   and
   
    A Short Guide to a Happy Life
   
  
  
  
  
   Still Life with Bread Crumbs
  
  begins with an imagined gunshot and ends with a new tin roof. Between the two is a wry and knowing portrait of Rebecca Winter, a photographer whose work made her an unlikely heroine for many women. Her career is now descendent, her bank balance shaky, and she has fled the city for the middle of nowhere. There she discovers, in a tree stand with a roofer named Jim Bates, that what she sees through a camera lens is not all there is to life.
  
  
  Brilliantly written, powerfully observed,
  
   Still Life with Bread Crumbs
  
  is a deeply moving and often very funny story of unexpected love, and a stunningly crafted journey into the life of a woman, her heart, her mind, her days, as she discovers that life is a story with many levels, a story that is longer and more exciting than she ever imagined.
 
 
  
   Look for special features inside. Join the Random House Readers Circle for author chats and more.
   
  
  
  There comes a moment in every novelists career when she . . . ventures into new territory, breaking free into a marriage of tone and style, of plot and characterization, thats utterly her own. Anna Quindlens marvelous romantic comedy of manners is just such a book. . . . Taken as a whole, Quindlens writings represent a generous and moving interrogation of womens experience across the lines of class and race. [
  
   Still Life with Bread Crumbs
  
  ] proves all the more moving because of its light, sophisticated humor. Quindlens least overtly political novel, it packs perhaps the most serious punch. . . . Quindlen has delivered a novel that will have staying power all its own.
  
   
   
    The New York Times Book Review
   
  
  
  
  [A] wise tale about second chances, starting over, and going after what is most important in life.
  
   Minneapolis
   
    Star Tribune
   
  
 
 
  Quindlens astute observations . . . are the sorts of details every writer and reader lives for.
  
   
    Chicago Tribune
   
  
 
 
  [Anna] Quindlens seventh novel offers the literary equivalent of comfort food. . . . She still has her finger firmly planted on the pulse of her generation.
  
   NPR
  
 
 
  Enchanting . . . [The protagonists] photographs are celebrated for turning the minutiae of womens lives into unforgettable images, and Quindlen does the same here with her enveloping, sure-handed storytelling.
  
   
   
    People
   
  
 
 
  Charming . . . a hot cup of tea of a story, smooth and comforting about the vulnerabilities of growing older . . . a pleasure.
  
   
   
    USA Today
   
  
  
  
  With spare, elegant prose, [Quindlen]crafts a poignant glimpse into the inner life of an aging woman who discovers that reality contains much more color than her own celebrated black-and-white images.
  
   
   
    Library Journal
   
  
  
  
  Quindlen has always excelled at capturing telling details in a story, and she does so again in this quiet, powerful novel, showing the charged emotions that teem beneath the surface of daily life.
  
   
   
    Publishers Weekly
   
  
  
  
  Quindlen presents instantly recognizable characters who may be appealingly warm and nonthreatening, but that only serves to drive home her potent message that its never too late to embrace lifes second chances.
  
   
   
    Booklist
   
  
  
  
  Profound . . . engaging.
  
   
   
    Kirkus Reviews
   
  
 

