
 
  Rita Mae Brown collaborates with feline co-author Sneaky Pie Brown in a new mystery starring Mary Minor Harry Haristeen, the curious cat detectives Mrs. Murphy and Pewter, and Tee Tucker, the valiant crime-solving corgi. Halloween arrives early this year to rural central Virginia, when a twisted killer will stop at nothing to protect a multimillion-dollar scheme.
  
  
  
   THE LITTER OF THE LAW
  
  
  
  
  
  Autumn has descended and crops are being harvested all over Crozet, Virginia, ideal conditions for a scenic drive for Harry and husband Fair. Bucolic views are all well and good, but Harrys nose for trouble leads her straight to a cornfields macabre scarecrowan all too real murder victim that frightens all but the noisy crows.
  
  
  This accountants gruesome death is only the first of many disturbing events in this normally pastoral corner of the world. While Harry tends her beloved grapes and sunflowers, a killer edges closeras does Harrys protective menagerie of animals.
  
  
  Halloweens approach brings with it bona fide terror and a beloved local tradition that threatens to become fatal. Rooting out the guilty in the treacherous center of a lucrative conspiracy requires Harrys farmers wisdomalong with the quick wits and extraordinary senses of Sneaky Pie, Pewter, and Tucker. A vicious murderer may know the lay of the land far better than Harry does, but thats about to change. Its up to her vigilant four-footed companions to make sure that the unearthing of this plot is not Harrys last act.
 
 
  
   Praise for
   
    The Litter of the Law
   
   and the Mrs. Murphy mysteries
  
  
  
  
  
  As feline collaborators go, you couldnt ask for better than Sneaky Pie Brown.
  
   
   
    The New York Times Book Review
   
  
  
  
  Enchanting . . . Brown demonstrates once again why shes the queen of the talking animal cozy subgenre.
  
   
   
    Publishers Weekly
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  As usual, the smart animals provide clues without getting in the way of the human interactions and plot. This is a strong addition to the popular series.
  
   
   
    Booklist
   
  
 

