
 
  
   #1
   
    NEW YORK TIMES
   
   BESTSELLER
  
 
 
  
   Jack Reacher returns in the latest fast-moving, action-packed, suspenseful book fromLee Child.
  
  
  
  
  
  
   You can leave the army, but the army doesnt leave you. Not always. Not completely,
  
  notes Jack Reacherand sure enough, the retired military cop is soon pulled back into service. This time, for the State Department and the CIA.
  
  
  Someone has taken a shot at the president of France in the City of Light. The bullet was American. The distance between the gunman and the target was exceptional. How many snipers can shoot from three-quarters of a mile with total confidence? Very few, but John Kottan American marksman gone badis one of them. And after fifteen years in prison, hes out, unaccounted for, and likely drawing a bead on a G8 summit packed with enough world leaders to tempt any assassin.
  
  
  If anyone can stop Kott, its the man who beat him before: Reacher. And though hed rather work alone, Reacher is teamed with Casey Nice, a rookie analyst who keeps her cool with Zoloft. But theyre facing a rough road, full of ruthless mobsters, Serbian thugs, close calls, double-crossesand no backup if theyre caught. All the while Reacher cant stop thinking about the woman he once failed to save. But he wont let that that happen again. Not this time. Not Nice.
  
  
  Reacher never gets too close. But now a killer is making it personal.
 
 
  
   Praise for
   
    Personal
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  The best one yet.
  
   Stephen King
  
  
  
  Reacher is the stuff of myth, a great male fantasy. . . . One of this centurys most original, tantalizing pop-fiction heroes . . . Child does a masterly job of bringing his adventure to life with endless surprises and fierce suspense.
  
   
    The Washington Post
   
  
  
  
  Yet another satisfying page-turner.
  
   
    Entertainment Weekly
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  Reacher is always up for a good fight, most entertainingly when he goes
  
   mano a mano
  
  with a seven-foot, 300-pound monster of a mobster named Little Joey. But its Reacher the Teacher who wows here.
  
   Marilyn Stasio,
   
    The New York Times
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  Jack Reacher is todays James Bond, a thriller hero we cant get enough of. I read every one as soon as it appears.
  
   Ken Follett
  
  
  
  Reachers just one of fictions great mysterious strangers.
  
   
   
    Maxim
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  If you like fast-moving thrillers, youll want to take a look at this one.
  
   John Sandford
  
  
  
  
  
  Fans wont be disappointed by this suspense-filled, riveting thriller.
  
   
   
    Library Journal
   
   (starred review)
  
  
  
  
  
  Child is the alpha dog of thriller writers, each new book zooming to the top of best-seller lists with the velocity of a Reacher head butt.
  
   
   
    Booklist
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  Every Reacher novel delivers a jolt to the nervous system.
  
   
   
    Kirkus Reviews
   
  
 

