
 
  "The fact that Dave Berg's politics were mostly the opposite of mine and yet he never let that affect his encouragement of my comedy on The Tonight Show is reason enough to recommend this book. The other is . . . I requested a chapter to read and, after that, wanted to read the whole book. Because Jay Leno is somehow Everyman and simultaneously the most idiosyncratic guy in the world, and Dave Berg tells you how."
 
 
  Bill Maher, comedian and host of HBO's
  
   Real Time with Bill Maher
  
 
 
  "Jay Leno is sui generis and Dave Berg is the one-of-a-kind, colorful, and astute chronicler of the individual and collective dynamic that propels timeless and accessible humor, the thing that makes the world go round. Dave does an eye-opening, insider's job revealing in a narrative with fun anecdotes what it was like to be behind the scenes at The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. Along the way, Dave also sets the record straight about the enormous contributions Jay Leno made to late-night television, contributions critics have overlooked or been too quick to dismiss."
 
 
  James Carville and Mary Matalin, political consultants
 
 
  "In
  
   
    Behind the Curtain: An Insider's View of Jay Leno's
   
   Tonight Show
  
  , co-producer Dave Berg has captured the essence of Jay's day-to-day commitment and the backstage experience beautifully . . . The book is an entertaining read and tells the story with wit, love and insight, not the usual Hollywood gossip."
 
 
  Gary Sinise, Oscar-nominated actor, film director, and musician
 
 
  "If I ever put together a baseball team of people that are special to me Dave would be at the top of the order. He's written a great book about both Tonight Shows, the one on stage and the one behind the curtain. . . . Love ya Dave!"
 
 
  Dan Whitney, comedian, better known as "Larry the Cable Guy"
 
 
  "It was always a pleasure to appear on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. Jay and his long-time producer Dave Berg would welcome me to the green room, and these moments before the show gave us a chance to laugh. Jay and Dave brought a great spirit and a lot of dignity to late-night television."
 
 
  Mrs. Laura Bush, former First Lady of the United States
 
 
  "Dave Berg knows everything about late-night TV. And if you read
  
   
    Behind the Curtain: An Insider's View of Jay Leno's
   
   Tonight Show
  
  , so will you. A very entertaining and informative book."
 
 
  -Bill O'Reilly, host of Fox News Channel's
  
   The O'Reilly Factor
  
 

